Hello?
Aren't we skipping class together today?
Where were you?
- Where's the turtle drawing?
- It's in my bag.
Can I have it?
What are you doing?
Where on earth were you today?
I've been waiting for so long.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
What are you doing?
I heard everything.
Heard what?
Whatever, I'm just a loser.
I'm just a country bumpkin
you all look down on.
No matter what we do, we just get scolded.
We're never liked.
But I've tried my best.
But I never succeed.
Unlike you.
No matter what you do, everyone praises you.
Everyone says you're great.
And you're never lonely.
But I'm different.
I've been an island kid since I was little.
We never had time to study.
No one ever wanted to be my friend.
That's why I drew all by myself.
Thanks for accepting such a lousy gift.
I...
She and I are just... We're just...
I was just going along with what she said.
I was just trying to brush her off.
- Brush her off?
- I really didn't mean it.
So, this is how you treat your friends?
By just brushing them off like that?
She and I aren't even friends.
How can I believe anything you say?
Maybe you're just doing this because
you don't want to ruin the relationship.
You're just being casual and dismissive.
There's really nothing between us.
Chen Hao Wei.
Thank you for letting me
have such a beautiful dream.
What do you mean?
Now that the dream is over,
it's time for me to leave.
- What do you mean?
- Don't come looking for me again.
-
- What are you talking about?
- Just pretend I don't exist, okay?
-
He Xiang Yong.
We simply don't belong in the same world.
I don't understand.
You can keep on smiling now.
Without me around,
you'll be able to smile even more.
What on earth are you saying, He Xiang Yong?
He Xiang Yong!
What's wrong with you?
Mr. He.
- Let us have a drink with you.
- Sure.
-
Come on, let's have a drink.
Come on.
Drink up.
I've decided to go back to the main island.
You're quitting?
Why the sudden departure?
Actually, my vacation has come to an end.
My company has been pressuring me
to return to work.
I can't delay it any longer.
Mr. He, I'm sorry.
I made this decision
without consulting you first.
What are you apologizing for?
You've helped me out so much.
Besides, with everything
that's happened at the inn lately,
I'm sure it was hard for you to bring up.
Go on, head back.
This is just a place for you youngsters
to take a breather and rest for a while.
Go back and work hard for your future.
When you're tired, remember to come back.
You've got me,
that old rascal Hua, and Angela here.
Eat up and nourish yourself.
Okay.
Thank you, Mr. He.
What about me?
Do you have anything to say to me?
You?
Just take good care of the inn.
What's with that face? Come on.
Let's raise our glasses and drink. Come on.
You guys drink. I don't want to.
Fine, don't drink then. Come on, let's drink.
Thank you, Mr. He.
Thank you.
[Ladder Steps]
Li Wan Zhe.
Do you really think you're some
young master of the Li family?
Why are you giving all the work to Hama-chan?
I'm didn't.
I've been working. Counting money.
-
Supervising.
Auntie, don't scold him.
I was the one who told him to rest.
I haven't even started scolding him yet.
What are you laughing at?
You're letting him do all the work.
- Don't you feel any shame?
- What should I be ashamed of?
-
Hama-chan told me to take a break himself.
It's strange.
Hama-chan was out at sea with Mr. Zhong.
The pay and benefits were quite good.
Why would he give that up?
Maybe Hama-chan thinks
our family's benefits are even better.
-
Are you talking about yourself?
He must be possessed. Good grief.
Forget it. I'm not going to
bother with you guys.
- There's a lot today.
- Yeah, 8,700 in total.
Not a penny short.
Let's find a different spot next time.
All right. I'm off to enjoy my adult nightlife.
Wait, Mom!
You're only leaving me the change?
-
Li Wan Zhe, are you hungry?
You've worked hard all day.
I'll make you a late-night snack.
Sure. Okay.
I'll wash up quickly.
Is it really related to the shooting star?
Why do you have the turtle drawing?
Didn't you tear it up back then?
Why did you piece it back together?
And why keep it for so long?
What do you mean
by wanting me to give it to him?
It seems you two are really close.
He even told you about the turtle drawing.
I thought that was a story just between him and me.
-
You and him?
You mean you and the others.
Didn't you join the others in mocking him?
Do you know how much his heart ached
when he heard those words?
-
It wasn't like that.
Back then...
I cared too much about what others thought.
I wanted to please everyone too much.
For the past ten years,
I haven't spent a single day without regret.
I really want to apologize to him.
If you regret it so much,
why did you wait until now to find him?
I was afraid that if I went to him,
it would only cause him resentment.
It seems Starry Islet is still on his side.
He clearly came back,
but we still missed each other.
Then is there anything you want to say to him?
-
I can pass the message to him.
He said this place is a turtle's paradise.
I fixed the turtle drawing
hoping to mend his broken heart as well.
I hope he can find his paradise.
I don't ask for his forgiveness.
I just hope he can be happy every day.
He's always been the best artist in my heart.
And the best He Xiang Yong.
I believe after he hears what you said,
he will definitely forgive you.
In his life...
Although he often failed,
I think, at least in your heart,
he's still at the top of the list, right?
Sometimes...
I really think you're a lot like He Xiang Yong.
Chen Hao Wei.
Just how much time did you spend doing this?
Come on.
Hao Wei is going back
to the main island for work.
That means from now on,
we'll have one less hunk to help out.
-
You have to hang in there.
My retirement depends on you.
This inn can't go under.
I used to run it all by myself.
Did it ever go under?
-
I've already bought this place.
Are you here to pick a fight or to drink?
Fine, fine.
Always nagging.
Have you thought about
asking Xiang Yong to come back and help?
Of course I have.
But I don't even know where he is.
Forget it.
He'll come back when he's ready.
I'm telling you,
you spoil your son way too much.
If my son dared to do that,
please, you guys better call 113 for him.
To save him, okay?
I'm not spoiling him.
I just understand him.
He's hated being forced since he was a kid.
He's like when you push a ball underwater.
-
The deeper you push, the higher it bounces.
- Is that so?
- Of course it is.
Once, I caught him drawing in secret.
I confiscated all his art supplies.
So, he used a rock,
and right under the chair you're sitting on,
he drew an entire zoo.
-
See how talented he is?
Why don't I remember that?
Was it after I arrived?
-
Are you so old that you can't remember?
That one time he had a fever of 104 degrees.
He was still drawing under the covers.
I got so mad I took away his art supplies.
Did you forget? You were right there.
Did that really happen?
See for yourself.
Take a look.
- Where?
- There's nothing.
Nothing? You're in trouble.
Maybe you should eat more ginkgo nuts.
Or fish oil or something.
Could it be that your wife
replaced all the tables and chairs,
-
and you just forgot?
How is that possible?
Come on, drink up.
I'm getting old.
[Home is He-re]
I've realized that we have
good working rapport.
After you leave,
Mr. He will definitely think I'm clumsy.
-
Why would he?
Your garlic shrimp noodles is so good. Right?
-
Mr. He likes it so much.
What about Mr. Hua?
You always go fishing with him.
Without you, he'll probably feel very lonely.
With Mr. He around,
and Angela here, too,
how could he be lonely with all of you?
That's true.
Speaking of Angela,
she always tells me
that whenever you're at her shop,
business always gets better.
That's because their shaved ice
is already delicious.
Then...
after you leave,
I'll be all alone at the inn.
-
Doing the work of two will be exhausting.
The peak season is over.
The off-season will be much easier.
Why are you leaving it all to me?
I'm not.
In that case, let's play
that game we played before.
We each ask a question,
and we both have to answer honestly.
-
Okay.
How do you feel about me?
-
Feel?
I feel like you should be more confident.
You're such a great guy. Right?
-
I'm sure you'll do a great job
with the work here.
Now, it's your turn to ask.
I'll ask once I've thought of one.
[Quan Zuo Xun Asia Tour 2026]
[Traffic is being moderated]
[Try again later]
- Li Wan Zhe!
- What?
-
Your mom wants you to help out.
There are too many customers today.
Wait a second, I'm busy!
Busy with what?
Stop bothering me, I'm buying tickets.
I can't get in!
How is that possible?
I knew it.
I've never successfully
bought a ticket in my life.
- You want to go to a concert?
- Yeah.
-
It's his first concert in ten years.
Who knows when he'll perform again?
Just buy from a scalper then.
I'm not buying from scalpers.
It's because of those scalpers
buying up all the tickets that I can't get any.
-
Why should I let them profit?
Forget it. I'm not a hardcore fan anyway.
Just play games with me these few days
to help me forget about it.
-
[Quan Zuo Xun Asia Tour 2026]
[Sold Out]
If you want to come, just take the boat.
The island isn't big.
You won't get lost.
-
Turn left after getting off and walk on.
You'll see a grocery store.
When I was a kid,
I'd go buy watermelon candies,
and the owner would give me extra.
His daughter often bickers with him.
This is their daily routine.
Sleeping in the morning and at night.
- You brat!
- You're really...
What should I do if I can't write a song?
Excuse me.
- How much is the candy?
- This one?
- This one... Take your pick.
- Okay.
-
Since it's your first time here...
Yes, it's my first time.
Buy ten, get one free.
Wan Zhe's house
is on the corner of the shopping street
across from the pier.
His mom's name is Angela.
You should call her "Big Sister."
At the end of the road,
is a hidden gem only locals know about.
-
It's also Wan Zhe's and my secret base.
We call it the Seaweed Platform,
because it has a lot of moss and seaweed.
Whenever we're stressed out and want to relax, we come here.
-
You can close your eyes and count "142857".
142857.
After riding along the coast for 10 minutes,
you'll see an old Western-style building.
There's a sign at the entrance,
"Home is He-re".
It's named that way so guests feel
that no matter where they're from...
-
or why they've come here, they'll feel at home.
As if you've never left.
Why is your exam paper swimming with turtles?
Drawing turtles make me really happy.
Excuse me.
Is anyone here?
Hello.
Welcome.
It's very beautiful, right?
Let us know if you need a tour.
Come here. Why did you
take so long for groceries?
Hurry up and help me with the computer entry.
What's wrong?
You're alone today, and there's tons to do.
What do you mean?
Chen Hao Wei is gone.
He didn't tell you?
I think he left something for you.
Take a look.
-
Thank you.
Take care.
If you want to see him off,
it's not too late to go to the pier now.
-
I'll be back to help you
with the computer later.
One ticket, please. Thank you.
Chen Hao Wei.
Give me five minutes.
Let me buy my ticket first.
Wait.
Excuse me, he'll come back
for the ticket later.
Just five minutes.
Please.
Just say whatever you have to say.
Can you stay?
-
I can't postpone my work anymore.
What if I say I like you?
-
I only see you as a friend.
If you only see me as a friend,
why did you kiss me that night we were drunk?
I didn't want to hurt you.
So, you're not even going to say goodbye?
You already lost that person back then.
Are you going to give up on me again?
Are you done?
Chen Hao Wei.
Answer me.
He Xiang Yong is the one I can't let go of.
The one I've always loved is He Xiang Yong.
Do you understand now?
I saw his shadow in you.
That's why I'm sure
he's always been in my heart.
I mistook you for him.
I fell for you for a moment.
-
Are you okay with that?
It's okay.
You can keep loving him.
You can even treat me as him.
Chen Hao Wei.
I am him.
I've liked you since ten years ago.
The one who loved you was always me.
-
You were the star of the school,
while I was an outcast.
I had the worst grades in school.
We skipped class together
and got caught by the teacher together.
You tutored me, and I taught you to draw.
You said I had the hands of Takehiko Inoue.
- I gave you the drawing for your birthday.
- Enough! That's enough!
Stop talking.
I know you are close to him.
He shared everything with you.
But feelings don't work that way.
You have your own life to live.
You don't need to become him for me.
I've already hurt him once before.
This time, I don't want
anyone else to get hurt.
Hao Wei.
Chen Hao Wei, please don't go.
- I'm begging you, don't go.
- Don't stop me.
Chen Hao Wei!
You clearly feel that I'm him, don't you?
Why don't you believe in yourself?
Chen Hao Wei.
[Epilogue]
You've only slept for a few minutes
and you're already drawing.
Didn't I tell you to study?
I'll study in a bit.
What are you drawing?
Wait.
Hold on.
I've been practicing portraits lately.
- Portrait practice?
- Yeah.
-
I'm leaving now. Bye.
He Xiang Yong.
Don't give up on drawing.
Why say that all of a sudden?
Because that is what you truly love to do.
-
I want to follow your drawings,
forever and ever.
I'll always be your number one fan.
Because he wanted to take my ticket.
If I die like this,
you'll remember me for the rest of your life.
-
If we're going to walk together,
let's stay with each other for a lifetime.
I wonder how long the happiness gained
from making a wish can actually last.